Add quick-start section (#73)
hashintel/hash: packages/engine/README.md

Where CLI args are described below in the [Usage](#usage) section, an example of a run command during development would be:
* `cargo run --bin cli -- <CLI ARGS> -p  "<PATH TO HASH PROJECT DIR>" single-run --num-steps 5`

## Quick start

This guide will download a [demo simulation], run it, and takes a look at it's output.

In order to run the demo:

0. Build the engine as [described above](#project-setup--building)
1. Open the [demo simulation] and may read the overview
2. Press `Open` at the upper right to view the simulation at [hCore].
3. Download it by pressing `File -> Export Project`
4. Unzip it either with your file browser or by e.g. `unzip ageing-agents.zip -d path/to/ageing-agents`
5. Run the simulation from the _packages/engine_ directory and pass the simulation as parameter:

    ```
    cargo run --bin cli -- --project 'path/to/ageing-agents' single-run --num-steps 5
    ```

After a short time, the simulations should be completed, and the _parts/_ folder has been created. In the parts folder for every simulation a directory is created. For a deeper explaination of the output, please take a look at [Simulation Outputs](#simulation-outputs).

> The ageing simulation only increases the age of one agent in each step, so this can be observed when looking at the `"age"` field at the _json_state-0.part_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ageing simulation increases the age of each agent by one every step. Looking in the _json_state-0.part_ file, one can see the outputted JSON state has an `"age"` field for each agent. It should be apparent that the age is increasing with each snapshot of state.
```

> **Congratiulation**, you just ran your first simulation with the hEngine!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Congratulations!** 🎉 , you just ran your first simulation with the hEngine!
```

Author: Also thought adding a "🎉" 😄
